#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1cm
\topmargin 1cm
\rightmargin 1cm
\bottommargin 1cm
\headheight 2cm
\headsep 2cm
\footskip 1cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation skip
\defskip bigskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Thomas Robson - Curriculum Vitae
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
E-mail: tomrobson19@gmail.com, Phone: 07521 705080 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Date
Address: Woodpeckers, Lower Wokingham Road, RG45 6BX
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Profile 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I am a fourth year Computer Scientist seeking a graduate role in a prestigious
 and innovative company where I can put my skills to good use.
 I believe that I can offer strong technical and organisational skills,
 along with a professional attitude and good communication skills.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Degree
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Currently studying towards MEng in Computer Science at Durham University.
 Achieved a 1st in the first, second and third years of study.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Programming Languages: Java, C/C++, Python, HTML, CSS, PHP, JavaScript,
 NodeJS, SQL
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Notable Topics Studied: Machine Learning, Cyber Security, Computer Vision
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Individual Project: Camera-to-Camera Tracking for Person Re-identification
 within Thermal Imagery
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Group Projects: Web-Based Volunteer Management System for the Wear Rivers
 Trust Charity, Administrator and User Dashboard to Support the Citizen
 Science Approach of the MammalWeb Project.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Qualifications 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Educated at Wellington College September 2009 - June 2014, achieved the
 following results: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
International Baccalaureate Diploma - June 2014: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Total of 41 points :
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Higher Level Topics: Maths - 6, Physics - 6, Economics - 7 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Standard Level Topics: English - 6, Spanish - 7, Politics - 7 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Extended Essay on the theoretical grounding of Computer Science, exploring
 the proofs of Russell's Paradox, Gödel’s Incompleteness Theorem and Turing's
 Halting Problem.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
GCSE - June 2012: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Maths - A*, English – A, Greek - A*, Latin - A 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
International Baccalaureate Middle Years Program - June 2012: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Full range of subjects studied, achieved six 7s and three 6s.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Work experience 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
BAE Systems Applied Intelligence July 2017 - September 2017
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As an intern software engineer, I worked on a data ingest system using Hortonwor
ks Dataflow (HDF).
 This made use of Apache NiFi and Kafka to create a workflow able to take
 in data from a TCP socket and transfer it into ElasticSearch and Hadoop
 Distributed File System (HDFS).
 This involved writing two custom NiFi processors in Java for conversion
 between file formats and setting up a multi-node cluster, managed by Ambari
 Server, to run the workflow.
 I then carried out performance testing of the workflow using bash and python
 scripts to run tests with certain parameters and gather metrics from the
 Ambari Metrics API.
 During this project, I was part of a larger development team using the
 agile development methodology, was involved in their sprints, managed my
 work through Atlassian JIRA and documented in Confluence.
 This taught me a great deal about the process of enterprise level software
 development, and gave me a greater understanding of the importance of making
 code maintainable and extendable, as well as increasing my level of familiarity
 with agile development.
 Technically, this developed my hardware skills as I had to do a great deal
 of configuring Linux virtual machines and fixing problems assotiated with
 this, as well as improving my development skills.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
Cyber Security Summer School July 2016 – September 2016 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I took part in a 10-week summer school over the summer of 2016 to enhance
 my technical skills.
 Among the topics covered were networking, secure coding in C/C++ and python,
 low level operating systems and many aspects of computer security.
 This school consisted of a combination of learning about cyber security
 issues and trying both offence and defence using some of these techniques
 in a controlled laboratory environment using the tools supplied within
 the Kali Linux distribution by Offensive Security.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
Microtek Laboratories June 2014 — October 2014 Assistant to MD 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
During the summer of 2014 I worked for Microtek Laboratories Inc.
 This is a US based company specialising in the testing of electronic components.
 My job was to assist the set-up process of their new UK business, working
 alongside the Managing Director of Gen3 Systems Ltd (a UK based company
 with which Microtek has an existing relationship), to handle the customer
 communication, company set-up and testing services that occurred over this
 period.
 I served as the main point of contact between the US head office and the
 new European customers, and ensured that all required test work was carried
 out to the highest standard whilst keeping the customers fully informed
 of our process.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
UK-Japan Cambridge University Young Scientist Workshop July 2012 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In the summer of 2012, I had the opportunity to take part in the UK Japan
 Young Scientist Workshop at Cambridge University.
 This was a week long collaboration between schools in the UK and Japan
 to take part in research projects with academics.
 My group examined ‘Nuclear Energy and the public perception of radiation’
 with Professor Wade Allison, a world-leading researcher on the subject.
 I gave a presentation at the end of the week on our project to the events
 sponsors and special guests, which was an invaluable opportunity to develop
 my public speaking and presentation skills.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
Young Rewired State August 2012 and August 2013 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I participated in two Young Rewired State events in the summers of 2012
 and 2013, working in the Reading centre in the offices of Microsoft.
 These events are designed to introduce young people to the process of software
 development and after a week of development the event ended with a contest
 in Birmingham where all the centres came together.
 This was my first experience of programming and the software development
 process, and I greatly enjoyed the two projects that saw us create web
 applications based on open source data.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Interests 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I have a strong interest in all forms of technology, and enjoy investigating
 new developments in both hardware and software in the consumer and professional
 markets.
 This interest heavily influenced my decision to take a Computer Science
 degree, and it is a decision I’m glad I made.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
My main hobby is Golf, which I play off a handicap of 13.
 I enjoy a casual game with friends and family, have played some match golf
 for Wellington College and Bearwood Lakes Golf Club, and spent 2015-2016
 as Captain of University College Golf Club at Durham University.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
References 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
References available upon request.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
